{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 [Meeting Title: Monthly Product Review \'96 Digital Suite]\
[Date: October 12, 2025]\
[Attendees: Sarah (Product Manager), David (UX Lead), Lina (Documentation Specialist), Omar (Engineer), and James (Sales Director)]\
\
Sarah: Thanks, everyone. Let\'92s start with the main topic \'97 the latest update to our digital analytics suite. Version 3.4 was released last week. I\'92m honestly very happy with the progress we\'92ve made so far; early feedback from users has been encouraging. Still, a few issues with the interface are frustrating some of our clients.\
\
David: I agree. The new dashboard layout looks cleaner, but users are getting confused when trying to locate advanced filters. It\'92s frustrating to see this, especially after all the effort we put into simplifying the design. Maybe we can bring back a short tutorial inside the interface like we did in version 3.1.\
\
Omar: From the engineering side, we discovered that the filter button disappears on smaller screens. It\'92s disappointing because it\'92s a small bug that causes big confusion. I\'92ll fix it before the end of the sprint.\
\
Sarah: Good. Despite that issue, I\'92m really pleased with the performance improvements so far. The reports page loads faster, which is a big win. Omar, what are you seeing on the backend?\
\
Omar: The load time for reports has improved by 30%, which feels great. However, when users run large data queries, we still get a few timeout errors. That part is a bit annoying since we thought we solved it last release.\
\
James: Some customers mentioned the same thing. They\'92re happy with the speed overall, but the export process is painfully slow for large CSV files. One client even said it took 10 minutes to export their report \'97 that\'92s definitely too long.\
\
Sarah: That\'92s concerning. Let\'92s flag that as a high-priority item. Lina, how are things going with the documentation?\
\
Lina: I\'92ve updated the API section, and honestly, I\'92m proud of how much clearer it looks now. But the screenshots for the reports feature are outdated, and it bothers me that we haven\'92t replaced them yet. I\'92ll fix that by Friday, as long as I can get access to the new interface build.\
\
David: I\'92ll send you the latest design files today. And I\'92m really happy about how the color scheme turned out. But I do feel that we could add tooltips directly into the interface to make things easier for new users \'97 it would save support a lot of stress.\
\
James: Totally agree. From the sales side, customers love the interface, but they\'92re still confused about the pricing structure. A few even said they felt uncertain about whether the product fits their budget, which isn\'92t great.\
\
Sarah: That\'92s useful feedback. Once finance finalizes the pricing tiers, we\'92ll make the documentation clearer. Still, I\'92m genuinely proud of how far the product has come. It\'92s exciting to see all the teams working together and finally hearing positive feedback from clients.\
\
Omar: Yeah, one of the beta testers said it\'92s \'93the most intuitive dashboard they\'92ve ever used,\'94 and honestly, that made my week.\
\
Lina: That\'92s such great feedback. I\'92ll add that quote to the release notes \'97 it\'92ll make the announcement more personal.\
\
David: One last point \'97 some users find the \'93Insights\'94 tab confusing. I think they don\'92t realize it\'92s powered by machine learning models. It\'92s frustrating because it\'92s one of our best features.\
\
Sarah: That\'92s fair. Maybe we should rename it to \'93Smart Insights\'94 or \'93AI Suggestions.\'94 It\'92ll make the purpose more obvious.\
\
James: I love \'93Smart Insights.\'94 It sounds both modern and approachable. \
\
Sarah: Perfect, let\'92s go with that. Great work, everyone. Despite the few hiccups, I feel really optimistic about this release. Thank you all for the effort \'97 it really shows.\
}